# StoryboarderAI
This was a joint project with Josh Killa @JoshSkilla and Pranav Chaganty @xtreme5351 in a hackathon. This is a repost of our original repo which had our API keys hardcoded in so this is one without them. Clone and change to your own API keys for this to work.

Storyboarder AI is heavily inspired by the Smallville paper by the people at Stanford, but we wanted to make a framework to allow people to easily make games with similar capabilities, which essentially means LLM powered NPC characters but which have reliable long term memory and retrieval of in game events, and in particular we started by making this framework work for decisions matter games, with story nodes being influenced by your conversation with the NPCs. Conversations and chats can be whatever you want, but we designed this system so developers can use prompt engineering to listen for certain triggers or thresholds e.g. convincing an AI that you're a good person or etc.

Wanted to give developers fine-tuned control over the game so that AI didn't just steal their jobs at game design but amplified what was possible, and the vision is not just text based story games but the framework should allow for scaling up to 2d or 3d etc, it's very generalised in that sense it works with character objects storing plaintext and you can latch onto this in a game engine etc (support wasn't added for Unity within the time we had).

We coded up a small demo game which should be contained within this code about a murder mystery, and it's played through both chatting with LLM characters and selecting actions and prompts. Different endings are available depending on how much suspicion you showed towards certain characters or the mannerisms in text towards characters. 

Really modular, and can go as far as the developers prompt engineering capabilities. Slightly scrappy as this was done in a week for a hackathon where we coded up a small murder mystery game demo using our framework to showcase! Which should also be included in this repo :) 
